> Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. 

I am Li Zelin. I major in electronic information and communication college of Huazhong University of Science and Technology. I also get second financial degree from economic college of HUST(Huazhong University of Science and Technology).

My name is Li Zelin, an undergraduate in Huazhong University of Science and Technology. I am a thinker and always contemplate about making the best of every decision in all different situations. As a student of curiosity, I am interested in exploring the laws and rules about how things functions. With hard work and persistence in the past undergraduate years, I made some progress in both studying and personality improvement, especially the enhancement in self-learning ability. At the same time, Huazhong University of Science and Technology has also shaped my life values of being modest, responsible and indestructible.

As a motivated student, I have the courage to explore the law of the operation of things. With studying hard in the past undergraduate period, I made great progress. During my several years in HUST, my self-learning ability has been greatly improved. Meanwhile, thoughts on the sprint stage of the college entrance examination let me know what I want in my life. I choose HUST as my college independently, which moulds my sedate, responsible and forward-thinking values of life. 

When I first entered HUST, my admissions college was School of Software Engineering. I prefer thinking deeply to make the most efficient choices based on the actual situation. As a squad leader in my class, I worked hard to unite the group and do my best to help other students in living and study which achieved good results. During freshman and sophomore years, my scores is relatively well that helps me won National Encouragement Scholarship, Excellent League Member, Social Public Welfare Scholarship, and so on. At the same time, I actively participated in public welfare activities, with a total volunteer duration of 200+ hours. 

In my sophomore year, I minored in finance and got to know the financial knowledge and the mechanism of social operation, which inspired me to pursue further study research. I am interested in finance, machine learning and data science. That is why I really hope to do more research relatively in the future.

During my sophomore summer vacation, I was internship at Wuhan Pinssible Network Technology Co., Ltd., using Node.js to develop a set of background data monitoring system. This not only made me get started with background development, but also gave me a deeper understanding of Linux and network protocols. At the same time, my code capabilities and architectural design ability have also increased rapidly. After my sophomore summer vacation, I join in the Electronic Information Engineering Experimental Class with 2+2 academic degree in the EIC (Electronic and Information College). Since then, I have become an EIC student. 

Moreover, I am also confident of my potential of conducting research. Being a member of Dian Group within our university, a national demonstration base of innovation and entrepreneurship for talented students. I help Dian Group to set up a recruit website with DJANGO and MYSQL. Furthermore, I design the performance evaluation system of our team, which can automatically obtain the performance score of each member based on colleagues’ assessments. All these systems perform well and will be continuing in use in our group. 

In junior year, I joined the development of blockchain project guided by Associate Professor Huang Jiaqing cooperated with ASTRI (Hong Kong Applied Science and Technology Research Institute Company Limited). The project needs to be built from the ground up. From the previous research to the prototype development stage, my team partner and I encountered a lot of difficulties, both theoretically and in terms of implementation. However, with the thorough discussion of our entire team, we have independently designed the architecture and solved these problems one by one. In order to tackle the committee corruption of DPOS + PBFT consensus algorithm, I suggested we can modify the DPOS algorithm mechanism we integrated the node property system activity and resource contribution rather than fully implying the DPOS committee election mechanism. I proposed a ranking algorithm to select the super node and the block producer, so than DPOS not prone to corruption problem. And the committee can improve their safety performance and sustainability. At the same time, we also found that our CPU utilization and memory footprint are unusually high when communicate with ASTRI, this also prompted me to improving the overall architecture and operation mode of the code. I put the source code in the infinite loop to replace with coroutines, reduce 40% of the CPU usage. Moreover, I check the use of map data in the code structure referring to the measures for the recycling of the C to improve the system garbage disposal mechanism of PBFT and network broadcast memory.

I aspire to learn and research in a research group. Now I am constantly improving my English that I can communicate with others fluently. I think that I am fully capable to integrate into research group with my enthusiasm and professional knowledge. With constantly advancing the progress of group’s project and solving academic problems, there is no doubt I can complete PHD study by quality. 
